Improve the description of difflib in the documentation (#22253)
python/cpython: Doc/library/difflib.rst

--------------

This module provides classes and functions for comparing sequences. It

> can be used for example, for comparing files, and can produce different
> information in various formats, including HTML and context and unified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be used for example, for comparing files, and can produce information
about file differences in various formats, including HTML and context and unified
```

Author: @Mariatta that definitely sounds much better. I'll go ahead and commit suggestions. Thanks!
